so I've got some more emails here this
one is about prank calls we talked
briefly last week about doing prank
calls and troubling operators and fire
engines and whatnot darren goes aloha
russell realizing that i'm in hawaii was
listening your latest podcast which
should be number one technically is
because it's the top audio one Darren's
words there anyways you were talking
about prank calls you made when you're
little and it made me remember a prank
call I made when I was about six years
old I used to always hide in the
Wardrobe with a cordless phone and prank
call emergency services one night I was
feeling cocky and I think he means to
anything
we all remember Animal Farm of course
the the pornography we should never have
been exposed to school we're all set
down right this is animal farm prepare
to go with you to the bees the bird in
this case is a chicken and the man is a
postman we're all sorry I mean of course
you and I did live in neighboring
counties of Essex and place possibly
because I noticed what I got this email
from young Baron talking about prank
phone calls used to do one night I was
feeling cocky he's been doing prank
calls for a while we know at this stage
and I went the extra mile I told them my
schools on fire and they should get
there quick what I didn't anticipate was
the barrage of questions they would ask
me and in my panic I told the truth and
gave them my real name and real address
that's stupid isn't it idiot never in a
prank phone call don't do a prank for
anyway but if you do do one don't give
them your real name and address because
that's no longer a prank phone call
that's just an admission of your own
idiocy down a phone about half an hour
later I was being bathed by my dad is
I knew it's like to do the phone call
and immediately began to cry not to
answer the door
it was the fireman well he says fireman
sinking of it then he goes into the pool
so it must be fire men they told me off
which was humiliating I was stood they
were just a towel around me crying in
front of 10 big men sexualized maybe
seen films like The Full Monty and oh is
it possible to tell any of us mean
anymore
is it right to point the finger is it
and the answer is yes it's necessary 20
minutes after the 10 big fire men had
been round the police came round to tell
him off as well and had a recording his
phone call my parents were deeply
embarrassed and very annoyed and I
remember feeling very ashamed isn't it
daran contribution to our show don't
waste people's time in that way if you
are gonna do prank phone calls what I'd
recommend is often on products like say
for example Volvic water right or fvm
war other waters are available simply
the water in their own tap if you're
looking to get all caught up in brandy
right on the side of them bottles it
says consumer inquiries Oh 800 whatever
and as a number if you're gonna waste
some time waste their time because what
could you possibly want from ringing up
the number on the side of it but a Twix
or light and ryx toilet paper there's
always a consumer number could be a
legitimate inquiry what would you say